Welcome everyone to our Q4 Quarterly Business Review.
Today we'll review customer feedback trends and product priorities.
Thanks Jen. I've pulled together feedback from our top 20 accounts.
The number one request across the board is bulk data import.
Multiple customers are trying to migrate from legacy systems.
Right now they have to manually enter thousands of records one by one.
How many customers has this affected? Do we have specific examples?
At least five enterprise accounts. TechStart Inc is the most vocal.
They have 10,000 legacy records they need to import.
Their onboarding is basically stalled because of this limitation.
That's a significant blocker. Alex, can engineering prioritize this?
Yes, we can. We've actually been exploring CSV import options.
The technical challenge is validation at scale.
We need to handle malformed data gracefully and provide clear error messages.
How long would it take to ship a basic version?
For CSV with basic validation? Probably two sprints.
If we want Excel support and advanced error handling, add another sprint.
Let's start with CSV and iterate from there.
That would be huge. What else is on the list?
Export functionality is another common request.
Customers want to export their data for reporting and compliance.
Currently the only way is to manually copy-paste or use our API.
But not all users are technical enough for the API approach.
That seems like a natural pairing with the import feature. Export and import.
Agreed. We could build them together.
CSV export is actually easier than import. Probably just a few days of work.
Perfect. What other themes are you seeing Mike?
Performance issues with large datasets keep coming up.
Once customers have 5000+ records, the dashboard starts to slow down.
We've had three tickets about timeouts when loading reports.
Yeah, we're aware of this. It's a pagination and query optimization issue.
We're loading too much data client-side. Need to implement server-side filtering.
Also the database queries aren't properly indexed for these large datasets.
Is this something we can tackle in Q1?
Absolutely. I'd say it's higher priority than some new features.
Performance directly impacts user experience and retention.
Agreed. Let's make performance optimization a Q1 OKR.
Can I add something? I've been hearing about webhook requests.
Customers want real-time notifications when certain events happen.
For example, when a new record is created or when data changes.
This would enable integrations with Slack, Teams, and custom workflows.
Webhooks are definitely doable. We already have the event system internally.
It's mainly about exposing it through an API and adding retry logic.
How does that compare to other items in terms of effort?
Medium effort. Maybe one sprint for basic webhooks.
But we'd need to think about rate limiting and security.
Let's put webhooks on the Q1 roadmap but below import/export and performance.
One more thing - mobile responsiveness.
Several customers mentioned the UI doesn't work well on tablets.
The tables and charts don't resize properly on smaller screens.
Yeah, we're seeing this in our analytics too. About 15% of traffic is mobile.
But the bounce rate on mobile is way higher than desktop.
This is more of a frontend refactor. We'd need to update our component library.
Not trivial but definitely important for user experience.
Let's plan for this in Q2. Q1 is already pretty full.
To summarize: Q1 priorities are bulk import, export, and performance optimization.
Webhooks if we have capacity. Mobile responsiveness moves to Q2.
Sounds good. This aligns well with what customers are asking for.
Great. Alex, can you break these down into tickets after this meeting?
Yep, I'll have them ready by end of day.
Perfect. Thanks everyone for the productive discussion.